The material of window is glass.
The material of floor is wood.
The material of desk is wood.
The material of table is wood.
The material of coffee mug is ceramic.
The material of cabinet is wood.
The material of water bottle is plastic.
The material of inbox tray is plastic.
The material of plank is wood.
The material of drawer is wood.
The material of kitchen drawer is wood.
The material of wastebasket is metal.
The material of remote control is plastic.
The material of drain is metal.
The material of dining table is wood.
The material of window shade is wood.
The material of flooring is wood.
The material of trophy is gold.
The material of ashtray is glass.
The material of cabinet drawer is wood.
The material of manhole cover is metal.
The material of street light is metal.
The material of crane is metal.
The material of watering can is plastic.
The material of bread box is wood.
The material of curb is concrete.
The material of bed is wood.
The material of headboard is wood.
The material of napkin dispenser is metal.
The material of bar is metal.
The material of deck is wood.
The material of door frame is wood.
The material of retaining wall is stone.
The material of tv stand is wood.
The material of skid is rubber.
The material of sliding door is glass.
The material of track is metal.
The material of file cabinet is metal.
The material of parking meter is metal.
The material of church is stone.
The material of sign pole is metal.
The material of bumper is metal.
The material of hinge is metal.
The material of shutter is wood.
The material of desktop is wood.
The material of light post is metal.
The material of paneling is wood.
The material of drain grate is metal.
The material of sleeve is plastic.
The material of mouse is plastic.
The material of computer mouse is plastic.
The material of jean is denim.
The material of loop is metal.
The material of dock is wood.
The material of stage is wood.
The material of baseboard is wood.
The material of backrest is wood.
The material of drape is gold.
The material of mirror frame is wood.
The material of nightstand is wood.
The material of slat is wood.
The material of menu is paper.
The material of hardware is metal.
The material of night stand is wood.
The material of footboard is wood.
The material of bookcase is wood.
The material of side table is wood.
The material of chest is wood.
The material of mantle is wood.
The material of rung is wood.
The material of storefront is glass.
The material of van is gold.
The material of trashcan is metal.
The material of purse is leather.
The material of cabin is wood.
The material of pallet is wood.
The material of pane is glass.
The material of grate is metal.
The material of equipment is metal.
The material of lamppost is metal.
The material of guard is metal.
The material of hydrant is metal.
The material of bike rack is metal.
The material of meter is metal.
The material of manhole is metal.
The material of scaffolding is metal.
The material of tripod is metal.
The material of trunk is wood.
The material of furniture is wood.
The material of mail slot is gold.
The material of easel is wood.
The material of barn door is wood.
The material of fender is metal.
The material of walk is concrete.
The material of necklace is gold.
The material of blue chair is plastic.
The material of black wheel is plastic.
The material of shopping cart is metal.
The material of carafe is glass.
The material of ceiling beam is wood.
The material of toolbox is metal.
The material of napkin ring is metal.
The material of kitchen cabinet is wood.
The material of end table is wood.
The material of specimen cup is plastic.
The material of holster is leather.
The material of belt is leather.
The material of streetlamp is metal.
The material of cane is wood.
The material of cupboard door is wood.
The material of wallet is leather.
The material of mailbox is metal.
The material of power pole is wood.
The material of license plate is metal.
The material of computer is plastic.
The material of suv is gold.
The material of balcony railing is metal.
The material of tree trunk is wood.
The material of scale is metal.
The material of sedan is gold.
The material of windshield is glass.
The material of minivan is gold.
The material of telephone pole is wood.
The material of sill is wood.
The material of base board is wood.
The material of weathervane is metal.
The material of traffic sign is metal.
The material of sink faucet is metal.
The material of armoire is wood.
The material of blade is metal.
The material of spindle is wood.
The material of lampshade is gold.
The material of air vent is metal.
The material of china cabinet is wood.
The material of hutch is wood.
The material of light switch is plastic.
The material of bowling pin is ceramic.
The material of flower vase is glass.
The material of apple is plastic.
The material of fridge is metal.
The material of door cabinet is glass.
The material of air conditioner is metal.
The material of park is concrete.
The material of elevator is glass.
The material of stair case is wood.
The material of fencepost is wood.
The material of wire is metal.
The material of branch is wood.
The material of log is wood.
The material of picket fence is wood.
The material of street lamp is metal.
The material of traffic pole is metal.
The material of symbol is gold.
The material of telephone post is wood.
The material of number is gold.
The material of head light is glass.
The material of guardrail is metal.
The material of stump is wood.
The material of stripe is gold.
The material of electrical pole is wood.
The material of traffic light is metal.
The material of water jug is plastic.
The material of toaster is metal.
The material of runway is concrete.
The material of wardrobe is wood.
The material of window ledge is wood.
The material of drain cover is metal.
The material of driveway is concrete.
The material of water drain is metal.
The material of text is gold.
The material of contraption is metal.
The material of trellis is wood.
The material of ear is gold.
The material of cooling rack is metal.
The material of foot rest is leather.
The material of hole is metal.
The material of carpet is gold.
The material of wallpaper is gold.
The material of man hole cover is metal.
The material of shingle is wood.
The material of pew is wood.
The material of piano is wood.
The material of dining set is wood.
The material of castle is stone.
The material of litter is paper.
The material of gazebo is wood.
The material of hood is metal.
The material of flask is glass.
The material of caster wheel is plastic.
The material of grill is metal.
The material of grating is metal.
The material of duct is metal.
The material of detector is metal.
The material of feature is concrete.
The material of arm chair is wood.
The material of car seat is leather.
The material of privacy fence is wood.
The material of wrap is plastic.
The material of rocking chair is wood.
The material of chopstick is wood.
The material of antenna is metal.
The material of banner is gold.
The material of hangar is metal.
The material of fry is gold.
The material of waste bin is metal.
The material of cardboard is gold.
The material of duck is rubber.
The material of earring is gold.
The material of oar is wood.
The material of dowel is wood.
The material of splinter is wood.
The material of shack is wood.
The material of shelter is wood.
The material of compartment is metal.
The material of rocker is wood.
The material of knife block is wood.
The material of luggage cart is metal.
The material of rolling pin is wood.
The material of ottoman is leather.
The material of dolly is metal.
The material of parking lot is concrete.
The material of shower door is glass.
The material of clamp is metal.
The material of crown is gold.
The material of storage container is plastic.
The material of skillet is iron.
The material of chair stack is metal.
The material of chop stick is wood.
The material of rivet is metal.
The material of cymbal is gold.
The material of eyeglass is metal.
The material of front window is glass.
The material of soda is glass.
The material of violin is wood.
The material of support post is wood.
The material of cake stand is glass.
The material of pipeline is metal.
The material of grommet is metal.
The material of towel bar is metal.
The material of boardwalk is wood.
The material of fastener is metal.
The material of numeral is gold.
The material of kickstand is metal.
The material of thong is leather.
The material of spoke is metal.
The material of roofing is metal.
The material of drumstick is wood.
The material of hut is wood.
The material of sandal is leather.
The material of recliner is leather.
The material of bridle is leather.
The material of tongs is metal.
The material of food tray is paper.
The material of writing is gold.
The material of fence bar is metal.
The material of beer bottle is glass.
The material of streetlight is metal.
The material of baseball glove is leather.
The material of food container is plastic.
The material of neck tie is gold.
The material of print is gold.
The material of wrist band is cloth.
The material of pedal is metal.
The material of set is wood.
The material of alcove is wood.
The material of picket is wood.
The material of fence section is metal.
The material of spider is plastic.
The material of name plate is gold.
The material of burner is metal.
The material of side mirror is metal.
The material of bicycle is metal.
The material of sock is cotton.
The material of frisbee is plastic.
The material of headband is cloth.
The material of curio cabinet is wood.
The material of bread is paper.
The material of capri is denim.
The material of spool is wood.
The material of truck bed is wood.
The material of rearview mirror is metal.
The material of document is paper.
The material of tail is gold.
The material of cd is plastic.
The material of sole is rubber.
The material of handbag is leather.
The material of vane is metal.
The material of boulder is stone.
The material of handle bar is metal.
The material of drinking cup is plastic.
The material of chopping board is wood.
The material of medallion is gold.
The material of storage bin is plastic.
The material of book shelf is wood.
The material of closet door is wood.
The material of roman numeral is gold.
The material of ski pole is metal.
The material of tissue is paper.
The material of safety cone is plastic.
The material of fire escape is metal.
The material of planter box is wood.
The material of anchor is metal.
The material of pantry is wood.
The material of kitchen cupboard is wood.
The material of pizza board is wood.
The material of safety rail is metal.
The material of surfboard is wood.
The material of windshield wiper is metal.
The material of chest of drawer is wood.
The material of corner is metal.
The material of support column is stone.
The material of screw is metal.
The material of train rail is metal.
The material of food is metal.
The material of highway is concrete.
The material of peg is wood.
The material of wrapping is plastic.
The material of prong is metal.
The material of server is metal.
The material of garbage bag is plastic.
The material of limb is wood.
The material of purse strap is leather.
The material of hub cap is metal.
The material of skateboard park is concrete.
The material of goggles is gold.
The material of toothbrush is plastic.
The material of obstacle is wood.
The material of shovel is metal.
The material of lodge is wood.
The material of railroad tie is wood.
The material of vanity is wood.
The material of silo is concrete.
The material of lion is gold.
The material of straw is plastic.
The material of raft is wood.
The material of minute hand is gold.
The material of wagon is wood.
The material of drink is glass.
The material of luggage rack is metal.
The material of rooster is metal.
The material of t shirt is cotton.
The material of switch is plastic.
The material of pendulum is gold.
The material of nozzle is metal.
The material of tree stump is wood.
The material of girder is metal.
The material of cockpit is glass.
The material of front wheel is rubber.
The material of device is metal.
The material of ketchup bottle is plastic.
The material of snap is metal.
The material of cupboard is wood.
The material of sticker is gold.
The material of nail is metal.
The material of electric pole is wood.
The material of back rest is wood.
The material of hamper is plastic.
The material of pencil is wood.
The material of bridal is leather.
The material of pepper mill is wood.
The material of laundry basket is plastic.
The material of bow is gold.
The material of chip is wood.
The material of tail light is plastic.
The material of mesh is metal.
The material of soap bottle is plastic.
The material of double door is wood.
The material of aircraft is metal.
The material of perch is wood.
The material of safety bar is metal.
The material of magazine is paper.
The material of garland is gold.
The material of poll is wood.
The material of traffic signal is metal.
The material of engine is metal.
The material of tree barrier is concrete.
The material of pouch is leather.
The material of cargo is wood.
The material of oven rack is metal.
The material of drain plug is metal.
The material of gutter is metal.
The material of transformer is metal.
The material of tassel is gold.
The material of loveseat is leather.
The material of color is gold.
The material of book binding is gold.
The material of stoplight is metal.
The material of ribbon is gold.
The material of stirrup is metal.
The material of attachment is metal.
The material of plumbing is metal.
The material of front tire is rubber.
The material of serving board is wood.
The material of spice rack is wood.
The material of closet is wood.
The material of wii remote is plastic.
The material of bottle shard is glass.
The material of grain is wood.
The material of unit is metal.
The material of signal is metal.
The material of jersey is gold.
The material of surf board is wood.
The material of tv cabinet is wood.
The material of guard railing is metal.
The material of butterfly is gold.
The material of socket is metal.
The material of ceiling light is metal.
The material of goal is metal.
The material of tap is metal.
The material of storm drain is metal.
The material of flush is metal.
The material of birdhouse is wood.
The material of beach chair is wood.
The material of kitchen is wood.
The material of insignia is gold.
The material of disk is metal.
The material of pool is concrete.
The material of booklet is paper.
The material of work is iron.
The material of ski lift is metal.
The material of rein is leather.
The material of brown table is wood.
The material of sign holder is metal.
The material of padlock is gold.
The material of smoke stack is metal.
The material of hitch is metal.
The material of monument is stone.
The material of flower box is concrete.
The material of scaffold is metal.
The material of framework is metal.
The material of liquid is gold.
The material of snowboard is wood.
The material of flush handle is metal.
The material of bathtub is ceramic.
The material of railway is metal.
The material of nut is metal.
The material of skatepark is concrete.
The material of skate park is concrete.
The material of floor plank is wood.
The material of trailer is metal.
The material of tubing is metal.
The material of tooth pick is wood.
The material of valve is metal.
The material of butter knife is metal.
The material of drum is metal.
The material of spike is metal.
The material of medicine cabinet is wood.
The material of locker is metal.
The material of reflection is glass.
The material of knick knack is ceramic.
The material of scissor is metal.
The material of connector is metal.
The material of money is paper.
The material of railroad track is metal.
The material of casing is plastic.
The material of spout is metal.
The material of dinner table is wood.
The material of cross beam is metal.
The material of tinsel is gold.
The material of balloon is paper.
The material of brooch is gold.
The material of rectangle is wood.
The material of stone is concrete.
The material of doorframe is wood.
The material of hub is metal.
The material of clothes pin is wood.
The material of cornice is wood.
The material of strainer is metal.
The material of shoulder bag is leather.
The material of door trim is wood.
The material of ship is wood.
The material of name tag is gold.
The material of picnic bench is wood.
The material of flag pole is metal.
The material of turret is stone.
The material of cot is wood.
The material of windowsill is wood.
The material of leash is leather.
The material of exhaust is metal.
The material of bottle of water is plastic.
The material of chap is leather.
The material of bunny is plastic.
The material of umbrella pole is metal.
The material of whisk is metal.
The material of beer is glass.
The material of dog tag is metal.
The material of ruler is plastic.
The material of bulb is glass.
The material of night table is wood.
The material of window shutter is wood.
The material of hot dog is plastic.
The material of tine is metal.
The material of cabinetry is wood.
The material of red cup is plastic.
The material of spork is plastic.
The material of thermos is metal.
The material of canoe is wood.
The material of coat rack is wood.
The material of medal is gold.
The material of halter is leather.
The material of link is metal.
The material of whistle is gold.
The material of half pipe is concrete.
The material of lever is metal.
The material of cell phone is plastic.
The material of lift is metal.
The material of hurdle is wood.
The material of toilet brush is metal.
The material of showerhead is metal.
The material of wine bottle is glass.
The material of drop is glass.
The material of soccer goal is metal.
The material of shower rod is metal.
The material of hour hand is gold.
The material of poncho is plastic.
The material of white bag is plastic.
The material of lighted globe is glass.
The material of chair frame is metal.
The material of drainage is metal.
The material of sphere is glass.
The material of catcher's mitt is leather.
The material of soap dish is ceramic.
The material of cubbie is wood.
The material of chain link fence is metal.
The material of saw horse is wood.
The material of sawhorse is wood.
The material of sweat band is cotton.
The material of lamp shade is glass.
The material of cheese grater is metal.
The material of chain fence is metal.
The material of shelve is wood.
The material of highchair is wood.
The material of microwave is metal.
The material of reign is leather.
The material of compass is metal.
The material of soda bottle is plastic.
The material of costume is gold.
The material of mason jar is glass.
The material of lighthouse is stone.
The material of door stopper is metal.
The material of tank top is cotton.
The material of trumpet is gold.
The material of mount is metal.
The material of banana is plastic.
The material of bike tire is rubber.
The material of tissue dispenser is metal.
The material of love seat is leather.
The material of fire place is stone.
The material of stovetop is glass.
The material of cabinet handle is wood.
The material of tv tray is wood.
The material of map is paper.
The material of fin is metal.
The material of mantel is wood.
The material of stitching is gold.
The material of blue jean is denim.
The material of grass is gold.
The material of frying pan is iron.
The material of grocery bag is plastic.
The material of receipt is paper.
The material of mountain is stone.
The material of television stand is wood.
The material of birthday napkin is paper.
The material of outhouse is wood.
The material of mask is metal.
The material of grab bar is metal.
The material of soap container is plastic.
The material of machinery is metal.
The material of jet is metal.
The material of baggie is plastic.
The material of silver is metal.
The material of dinner fork is metal.
The material of pavilion is wood.
The material of asphalt is concrete.
The material of bottle cap is plastic.
The material of crank is metal.
The material of cookie sheet is metal.
The material of pie server is metal.
The material of table edge is wood.
The material of paint is gold.
The material of wheel well is metal.
The material of mixing bowl is glass.
The material of puppet is wood.
The material of grater is metal.
The material of wire fence is metal.
The material of wedding ring is gold.
The material of gauge is metal.
The material of fence board is wood.
The material of buggy is wood.
The material of tong is metal.
The material of table chair is wood.
The material of pool table is wood.
The material of saddle bag is leather.
The material of faucet handle is metal.
The material of knife holder is wood.
The material of braid is gold.
The material of motorcycle seat is leather.
The material of gum is plastic.
The material of stop light is metal.
The material of toilet paper holder is metal.
The material of pennant is plastic.
The material of wall divider is wood.
The material of green fence is metal.
The material of lamp pole is metal.
The material of trashbag is plastic.
The material of piling is wood.
The material of storage is plastic.
The material of display window is glass.
The material of runner is gold.
The material of window blind is plastic.
The material of cutting block is wood.
The material of white shirt is cotton.
The material of pottery is ceramic.
The material of receptacle is metal.
The material of birdbath is stone.
The material of spray bottle is plastic.
The material of hand soap is plastic.
The material of white plate is ceramic.
The material of slate is wood.
The material of dresser drawer is wood.
The material of smoke detector is plastic.
The material of railroad is metal.
The material of cutlery is plastic.
The material of separator is wood.
The material of robe is cloth.
The material of pick is wood.
The material of catchers mitt is leather.
The material of paper tray is plastic.
The material of chopper is gold.
The material of tomato is plastic.
The material of kick stand is metal.
The material of wall clock is wood.
The material of tv is wood.
The material of boat dock is wood.
The material of shower enclosure is glass.
The material of bench slat is wood.
The material of ducky is rubber.
The material of bedstead is wood.
The material of chainlink fence is metal.
The material of link fence is metal.
The material of green chair is plastic.
The material of poster is paper.
The material of board walk is wood.
The material of bench support is metal.
The material of decking is wood.
The material of twig is wood.
The material of coin is gold.
The material of radiator is metal.
The material of toaster oven is metal.
The material of black tire is rubber.
The material of headdress is gold.
The material of dove is ceramic.
The material of overall is denim.
The material of bathroom is wood.
The material of notebook is paper.
The material of high chair is wood.
The material of folding table is wood.
The material of row boat is wood.
The material of segment is metal.
The material of blue barrel is metal.
The material of insert is glass.
The material of locomotive is gold.
The material of carousel is metal.
The material of pavers is stone.
The material of pallet stack is wood.
The material of hand bag is leather.
The material of bath tub is ceramic.
The material of side rail is wood.
The material of red bag is plastic.
The material of white chair is plastic.
The material of tile floor is ceramic.
The material of eyelet is metal.
The material of grape is plastic.
The material of rain boot is rubber.
The material of dragon is gold.
The material of bar chair is wood.
The material of flamingo is plastic.
The material of bed rail is metal.
The material of magnet is plastic.
The material of footposts is metal.
The material of mechanism is metal.
The material of ornamentation is gold.
The material of barracade is metal.
The material of track rail is metal.
The material of paving is stone.
The material of belt buckle is gold.
The material of strand is plastic.
The material of brown floor is wood.
The material of stagecoach is wood.
The material of wall cabinet is wood.
The material of pebble is glass.
The material of shear is metal.
The material of benchpatio is wood.
The material of sconce is metal.
The material of center table is wood.
The material of red berry is plastic.
The material of letter key is plastic.
The material of fireplace poker is metal.
The material of decal is gold.
The material of floorboard is wood.
The material of silver pole is metal.
The material of sweater is cotton.
The material of luggage carrier is metal.
The material of strut is wood.
The material of red chair is plastic.
The material of green bench is wood.
The material of crosstie is wood.
The material of floor tile is wood.
The material of candy is gold.
The material of backing is wood.
The material of quilt is gold.
The material of electrical box is metal.
The material of tick is gold.
The material of thread is gold.
The material of building window is glass.
The material of devider is concrete.
The material of orb is gold.
The material of slat bench is wood.
The material of air freshner is plastic.
The material of train window is glass.
The material of table panel is wood.
The material of small pane is glass.
The material of bench leg is wood.
The material of bear paw is bronze.
The material of bus tire is rubber.
The material of paving stone is concrete.
The material of bag apple is plastic.
The material of window bus is glass.
The material of parquet floor is wood.
The material of parasol handle is wood.